You can place ComfyUI Studio anywhere you like. Do not remove any files from the main folder, including the autocomplete folder.
Before launching make sure you paste these commands in your comfyui run .bat file.
 --preview-method "auto" --enable-cors-header "*"

To launch, open launch.bat. The first time you run it, you'll be prompted to enter the path to your ComfyUI .bat file. 
This is the one you normally use to start ComfyUI. Enter the full path to the file itself, not just the folder it's in. 
It will then open ComfyUI Studio and ComfyUI in separate tabs.
As long as all files are intact and the path is correct, everything should work from there. Check the Help tab in Settings if you run into any issues.

Notification sound: To play a sound when a generation finishes, place an MP3 named notif.mp3 in the root folder of this project (thesame folder as app.js and index.html, etc.) then enable it in Settings.

Output folder: An output folder is included but disabled by default. You can set any folder as your output path in Settings.

A common issue that I've found is that you are using the wrong VAE, so be sure that you have the right VAE selected for your model.

Experimental features: Inpainting, IP-Adapter (NOT TESTED), ControlNet (LIMITED TESTING), Comparison Grid, and the Caption tool are all disabled by default. Enable whichever you need under Settings → Experimental. 
The captions require custom nodes — see the Help tab for setup instructions for each one.


You can place ComfyUI Studio anywhere you like. Do not remove any files from the main folder, including the autocomplete folder.
Before launching, make sure you add these arguments to your ComfyUI launch command. On Linux this is typically your run_comfyui.sh script or whichever script/command you use to start ComfyUI — add them to the line that calls python main.py:
--preview-method auto --enable-cors-header "*"
For example: python main.py --preview-method auto --enable-cors-header "*"

To launch, first make the script executable (one-time step):
bashchmod +x launch.sh
Then run ./launch.sh. The first time you run it, you'll be prompted to enter the full path to your ComfyUI launch script — the file itself, not just the folder it's in. It will then start ComfyUI and open ComfyUI Studio in your browser at http://localhost:3000.

As long as all files are intact and the path is correct, everything should work from there. Check the Help tab in Settings if you run into any issues.

Notification sound: To play a sound when a generation finishes, place an MP3 named notif.mp3 in the root folder of this project (the same folder as app.js and index.html, etc.) then enable it in Settings.

Output folder: An output folder is included but disabled by default. You can set any folder as your output path in Settings. Use an absolute path such as /home/yourname/Pictures/ComfyStudio.

A common issue is using the wrong VAE, so be sure you have the right VAE selected for your model.

Experimental features: Inpainting, IP-Adapter (NOT TESTED), ControlNet (LIMITED TESTING), Comparison Grid, and the Caption tool are all disabled by default. Enable whichever you need under Settings → Experimental.
The captions require custom nodes — see the Help tab for setup instructions for each one.